1. Overview of Shopping website
In Shopping Spree, the items for sale will be clothing products, either of a single type (trousers, t-shirts, shoes, etc.) or of mixed types. You can decide on the items that will be available, but there should be at least 10 items that you can distinguish through their attributes (e.g. colour).
Features:
    - Clothing display: the system is able to display clothes with some associated metadata.
    - Shopping cart: the user manages a shopping cart that is accessible at all times.
    - Sorting, filtering and searching: the system is able to display items in different orders and according to several filters, including a search mechanism.

2.1 Components
    a) Clothing item
        - name and date of creation
        - representation and description, price, size (S, M and L) and up to three colours
    b) Clothing display
        - set of items currently on display
        - navigating mechanism
    c) Shopping cart
        - set of items
        - total price

2.2 Functionality
Clothing display
the default is to display all the available items;
there is a navigation mechanism that allows to browse through all the currently displayed items;
it’s possible to check the details of each individual item;
sorting will change the order of the displayed items;
filtering and searching modify what is being displayed.

Filter and search mechanisms
sort items by date, price, colour, size;
search items by name and description.

Cart management
add item to cart, with the possibility of adding several items at the same time;
remove one or several items from the cart;
show/hide the cart;
the items are ordered as soon as the user confirms the purchase (assume that all the checkout, payment and delivery mechanisms are automatic).

2.3 Interaction
The interaction should be dynamic, only showing the available functionality at any time. Furthermore, the UI should always provide a clear indication of the current system status.
The interaction should have the following features:
clean UI presenting only the actions relevant to the current system status;
whenever relevant, the system presents related items (you don’t need to create an algorithm for this, it’s all about the interaction);
important actions require confirmation – Do you really want to empty the cart? – or an undo mechanism.
You should design the interaction for a VR kit similar to the one you have tested in the labs. The interactions should be based on the possibilities that you have experienced.
Task Analysis
Tasks and subtasks (with their corresponding plans):
(Plan number slightly arbitrary in this document - likely to be different to HTA diagram)

Launching Shopping Spree:
Launch Shopping Spree App
Login/Create Account

a) To login:
- Input username
- Input password
- If wish to remain logged in:
        Select “Stay logged in”
- Confirm login

b) To create account:
- Input username
- Input Password
- Input email
- Confirm create account
- Verify email

c) Plans:
Plan 1.1 - to launch shopping spree:
Launch app, login/create account

Plan 1.1.1 - login; do login

Plan 1.1.2 - creating account; do create account, then log in.

Clothing Display:
a)To view items:
        Look at main items display
b) To view more items:
        Select “View More”/ Scroll/Swipe to load more items
c) To view item details
        Select item
        Rotate item to observe closer
d) To filter and/or search the display:
        Open filter menu
        Use filter and search plans
        View all items (default) / Biggest Discounts (with discount %ages) default?
        Rolling Wheel of Different Items on Sale (with the largest discounts on the wheel) right under
        View item details
        Filter/Search changes to display
        Optional gesture controls (eg swipe hand from left to right to view at different angles or change size)


Filter and Search Mechanisms:
a) To search for an item:
        Select search field
        Input term to search
        Confirm search input
b) To filter items (by price, size, colour, date, biggest discount):
        Open filter options menu
        Select fields to filter by
        Select price range
        Select size
        Select colour
        Select date of creation range
        Select sort by option (price high to low, price low to high, most popular, newest)
c) To remove filters:
        Unselect already selected filters
d) To remove all filters:
        Select “Remove all filters” 
        Confirm filter inputs

Plans:
Plan 2.1 - Search for an item
Select search, input term, confirm search.

Plan 2.2 - Filter items
Open filters, select filters, confirm filter inputs

Plan 2.3 - can do 2.1 and 2.2 together.

Shopping Cart Management

a) Add item to shopping cart: 
        If adding one item:
            Select “quick-add to cart” (
        If adding multiple items:
            Select/Highlight items to add
            Select “add items to cart”
            Plus button for adding multiple of the same item
            Remove item from shopping cart
        If removing on item:
            Select “Remove item” on item in cart
        If removing multiple items:
            Select/Highlight items to remove
            Select “Remove items” 
            Minus button for removing multiples of an item
b) Undo remove item:
        Select undo button
        If emptying the cart:
            Select “confirm” when shown “Do you really want to empty the cart?”
            Hide shopping cart
        If shopping cart is open:
            Select “hide cart”
            View shopping cart
        If shopping cart is closed:
            Select cart icon/”Show cart”
            Confirm purchase
            Select “Go to checkout”
            Input Delivery Address
            Select payment option
        If by card:
            Input card details
        If by Paypal/Google:
            Input login details
            Confirm Payment
            Select “Confirm order”

Plans:
Plan 3.1 Manage cart - add or remove item/s

Plan 3.2 Order - do confirm purchase.


